README.md, before:

# Flash DB

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Universemul/flashdb.svg?branch=main)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Universemul/flashdb)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Universemul/flashdb)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Universemul/flashdbmaster/LICENSE) 
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-unknown-lightgrey)](https://universemul.github.io/flashdb/#/)
[![GitHub open-pull-requests](https://badgen.net/github/open-prs/universemul/flashdb)](https://https://github.com/Universemul/flashdb/pulls?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub open-issue](https://badgen.net/github/open-issues/universemul/flashdb)](https://https://github.com/Universemul/flashdb/issues?q=is%3Aopen)


This project is really (really) young. I don't have any code to push yet but I'm working on the architecture of the database.
I will then update the `README` to let you inform about my thought and progress.

Do not hesitate to send me an email if you want to join the project :)  
Discord Server: https://discord.gg/Esg77AHuNR

## Introduction

FlashDB is a lightweight schemaless oriented database optimized for reading. It's written in pure Python.

You can use Flash DB if:
- You need a small database without 10000 external dependencies.
- You need fast read
- You have no schema and no need to JOIN between your entities
- You want to participate to an open source project :D
- You don't need complexe queries like multiple aggregations or Multiple subqueries
- You want to deploy your application fast 

## Supported Python Versions

## QuickStart

## TODO

## Contributing

Whether reporting bugs, discussing improvements and new ideas or writing extensions: Contributions to FlashDB are welcome! Here's how to get started:

1. Check for open issues or open a fresh issue to start a discussion around a feature idea or a bug
2. Fork the repository on Github, create a new branch off the master branch and start making your changes (known as GitHub Flow)
3. Write a test which shows that the bug was fixed or that the feature works as expected
4. Send a pull request and bug the maintainer until it gets merged and published ☺

Commit message:

Query parser (#3)
* add new documentation about query

* add keywords select/limit/sort

* add limit, sort, aggregate_by and index keyword

* validate keyword

* add where keyword

* add where conctions success

README.md, after:

# Flash DB

[![Build Status](https://app.travis-ci.com/Universemul/flashdb.svg?branch=main)](https://app.travis-ci.com/Universemul/flashdb)
[![license](https://img.shields.io/github/license/Universemul/flashdb)](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Universemul/flashdbmaster/LICENSE) 
[![docs](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-unknown-lightgrey)](https://universemul.github.io/flashdb/#/)
[![GitHub open-pull-requests](https://badgen.net/github/open-prs/universemul/flashdb)](https://https://github.com/Universemul/flashdb/pulls?q=is%3Aopen)
[![GitHub open-issue](https://badgen.net/github/open-issues/universemul/flashdb)](https://https://github.com/Universemul/flashdb/issues?q=is%3Aopen)


This project is really (really) young. I don't have any code to push yet but I'm working on the architecture of the database.
I will then update the `README` to let you inform about my thought and progress.

Do not hesitate to send me an email if you want to join the project :)  
Discord Server: https://discord.gg/Esg77AHuNR

## Introduction

FlashDB is a lightweight schemaless oriented database optimized for reading. It's written in pure Python.

You can use Flash DB if:
- You need a small database without x external dependencies.
- You need fast read
- You have no schema and no need to JOIN between your entities
- You want to participate to an open-source project :D
- You don't need complexe queries like multiple aggregations or multiple subqueries
- You want to deploy your application fast 

## Supported Python Versions

## QuickStart

## TODO

- Write the Query Parser:
    - Define keyword
    - Define conditions
    - Define functions
    - Error Handler
    - Store the parsed query

## Contributing

Whether reporting bugs, discussing improvements and new ideas or writing extensions: Contributions to FlashDB are welcome! Here's how to get started:

1. Check for open issues or open a fresh issue to start a discussion around a feature idea or a bug
2. Fork the repository on Github, create a new branch off the master branch and start making your changes (known as GitHub Flow)
3. Write a test which shows that the bug was fixed or that the feature works as expected
4. Send a pull request and bug the maintainer until it gets merged and published ☺
